So in previous part I told you how we created student anxiety question insert methods so we are done
with Java subject.
So our main project is focusing on web pages because using JSP we are using.
So creating subjects is very important part because for the DB connection and we have already created
so for the database connection, I will show you the what things you have to use your or which queries
you are you are going to use.
So you are seeing some queries here.
So this is my some database credentials for admin table.
You need to create admin part here.
This which contains user ID and password.
Year 2020.
No need to specify more length or I'm using admin admin as a default part here.
You can use some other methods because admin part is only in the database or system configuration.
You cannot say that I want to become an admin, so create admin method or inside anything you can use.
Student method part but no need to create some admin.
JSP But you can say admin insert.
JSP So I'm inserting this and I'm switching admin admin as the default passwords.
Then student table for creating a student pot which contains all the related things as a name, password
and user ID.
Then instruction table which contains instructions.
It is 35 and only known to space.
One more then question table which contains question.
Option A.
Option B.
Option C.
Option D and the answer.
So we need to create some primaries.
Why?
We need to create primary.
Because this should be unique and not null.
Which parties should be unique and not.
You can not specify instruction should not be unique always or you cannot say that question is always
a unique for the examination purpose.
It's unique, but it should not be unique as a word to work.
So what is the unique thing?
Your only username and admin table user id?
So I'm creating unique ideas.
What I'm doing, I'm using as a primary key.
I'm assigning that part as a primary key with user ID and this you can directly use these queries and
you can execute inside your database.
My SQL or Oracle, you can use these queries.
So this is all about how we can set up our database.
Once this is done, you are done with our database part.
So we are now focused with only GCP part.
So let us again move our move to our JSP part here only.
So these things are done now as I told you where you have to create JSP part in a web pages as we created
admin log in here.
Let me close all these things.
Okay.
How do we login part?
Now we are now focused with only JSP part.
So we are done with this.
So after this, we need to create one admin panel, which is admin panel JSP only.
So let us create one admin panel here.
Or so create a webpage New Jersey.
Admin panel or I think you cannot see this is dialog box.
The new dialog box will open and you have to specify the file name and specify is the admin panel here.
Once this is done, delete this part because I am deleting this part also.
And I'm.
Going with this only as a comment.
So let us be.
I already created this admin panel.
So let me use that part only.
Okay.
So now we are done with this admin panel.
Remember what?
I'm using this.
So this is page language Java.
These are some default things you have to use.
Again, these are some scripts I'm using, bootstrap and everything.
Also.
This is username and if it's done it will not show anything because no need to specify anything.
If it's not, then it should specify that.
Please log in as an admin to continue.
As I told you in admin log in JSP.
Uh, is this part.
Please log in as admin.
So that part only again, I'm specifying this and welcome.
What is this?
Is printing the username which is specifying from that part.
And it's mercury only.
They're just for controlling.
Or you can say moving part in HTML.
Then what is showing it should so.
Student List.
Instruction List.
Question list.
Also it will create some logout admin button.
As I told you, we are already created controller for the logout admin button, so we need to create
that part also.
And question list contents, values, add and update the question and everything part.
So we are done with this.
So let me tell you what is this part?
So admin panel will contain some methods and which are which provides some buttons to forwards from
another JSP, but only if it's not providing the same part like this.
This username is not default.
Or we can say admin not it's not admin.
It should appear in that admin.
Please log in as admin.
If you're tired, it will end this loop and it will go directly to this part and print.
This will come everything.
And same.
This is done.
It should create some G-spot.
I'm going to create a student list.
JSP instruction list.
JSP which contains button and add an update.
Then these are some default classes inside bootstrap only.
So this is all about these things.
So now we can see how we can create student lists.
So let me copy this part because I'm going to create student list.
And I'm going to create new sorry, not create new and just be let me create one JSP file here and I
will click finish so I will delete this part and required this then also don't require this.
I referred only this comment to.
Those are.
It will specify what is this document for?
This is a document for student list.
So let me show you how we can create student list here.
So student list is very simple.
It's a little bit tricky, but it's very simple.
So I'm importing this.
What is this page dot import and where I'm using this.
So I want to import some libraries here or you can say system default things.
So in the JSP you have to use this syntax import is for the importing is equal to to specify what is
we are importing or is model dot store.
We are importing everything inside us.
DB I'm importing students and I'm importing ArrayList here.
You can specify a lot also, but I'm specifying only ArrayList here.
Now this is insert title here.
I will change this and which is basically student number, user ID and everything you can.
Mention it like this.
And what I'm doing is you're insert title.
Here I am instead of this.
I will print student list.
That's it.
So this will bring the student list here.
What is the number you can create, which is basically sequence number.
You can say a number.
You can also print its number.
User ID the name of that student.
Password of that student.
So as this is only showing for the admin purpose, it should get the password of that student also.
So it will show the password.
If you don't want to show the password, you can move that part also.
So I'm printing in the table or tabular manner.
So I'm using page and slash teach.
You should know some default things inside this and list of all students update and delete button I'm
going to create so I'm fetching it as a student video at least.
So always remember if you are using Java.
Then inside this you are to this arrow marks and this person marks enclosed with this you are going
to use this and all these things.
Then you started for the first column I plus plus because I'm iterating that for loop again and again.
One, two, three as usual then e not get username because I'm using e student e for that.
And remember this is advanced for loop inside java or for each loop.
You can say ArrayList.
Username gate name password for the updates to then DSP.
Now what is this?
I'm going to create update student JSP file.
So it will show me the H area which is basically links.
You can create a button also, but inside the table button is again taking much too much time to cease
that part.
So instead of this, I'm using a file which is basically directly links to update student or delete
student.
But again name e dot get username.
So remember admin has rights to add a student's delete student's update student for that purpose.
Then this button to add student because I need to add some students here.
So it will go to the admin student part.
If I click here back to panel, it will give me the admin.
So I'm going to create admin student part also.
So now we are done with student list.
Let us see how we can create instruction list because we need to specify the instruction list also here.
Let me create another GSP.
Which contains instruction list in each.
I'm deleting this because it's not more required part.
Again.
This one only.
And I'm building this part.
Okay.
So let us see how we can create instruction list here.
That's it.
Let us see.
What is the instruction used here?
I am importing this again.
Import instruction below.
Importing DB file.
Importing ArrayList.
So let me change this as a.
Instruction.
Just.
Again you can specify its number your.
Or then this is all things are related to HTML which contains this number instruction operation is basically
some adding part, updating part or deleting.
Again, I'm using ArrayList.
If update instruction JSP I'm going to create another JSP file for front end.
It will update if I want to delete, I can delete that part.
So remember, I'm what I'm going to use here again add instruction part for the add instruction.
If I want to click back button, it should go me to the back button.
Why I'm using this part because this is for the CSS, because it will show some.
I want to specify some gap, so I'm specifying this as a gap here.
So this is all about an instruction part.
So admin panel contains all these things.
So question list is also remaining.
Let us create one question list part also your.
Let me create a question list here, GSP.
So let me remove this part again.
Okay.
Let me remove this part.
So let me use that question list again.
Used.
Okay.
The whole question list.
Again, similar thing.
I'm importing all the waste model related to this.
Then DVI is for the database again as a.
Christian list as a title.
Then this is and this again is number.
So it will show me the question, then question a B seed options, correct answer update And if you
want to update that part or delete that part, I'm using this.
So this is similar as a student as we created using for loop but remember.
Whenever you are using the logic related to the Java, you need to invoke that syntax which is basically
this start and for the closing descent for sensible and that angular brackets here or triangular brackets
here, then object question and delete question.
JSP If you want to add a question, you can add a question here.
If you want to go to the back panel, you can go to the back panel.
So this is all about how we can create some list here.
So this is the front part of the student list, instruction list and question list.
So in further videos how we are going to create some exciting JSP files related to the update question
delete question similar for object instruction delete instruction similar for object student and delete
student.
But also we need to create some add student JSP and different things.
So in further tutorials I will tell you how we can create that part.